
YOU'RE THE BOSS
You can choose the task you would like to do for the people that you are happy to work with. You don’t need to stay online always, just login, browse task, make an offer on the task you would like to do. Even you can find a task in your surrounding area by using location filter.


PAYMENTS
Don't worry about payments! They are securely held with the Supertasker account. Complete your task and ask the poster to release the payment. Once released, the payment amount will be transferred to your account or you can also get cash payment too but it depends upon the the payment mode that a poster has selected.

* Terms and conditions apply. Included Task activities only. Excesses apply for Taskers. Learn more about Supertasker.

HOW TO START EARNING

BROWSE TASKS
You can search for a task that matches your skills by using our filters to help you narrow down in a vast pool. Filters such as location, distance, nature of the task{in-person or remotely} and by searching for keywords. When you find the right task, make an offer and wait for the response from the poster.

Browse Tasks


MAKE AN OFFER
Make sure your offer is at a fair price, keep in mind what skills are needed and how long it could take. The task offer can be higher or lower than task’s actual price, write few lines to let the poster know why you are the best fit for this task.


DO THE TASK WELL AND GET PAID
Keep in contact with the poster when you are on task, let the poster know what’s happening. communicate with him and give them updates on the task assigned. When you are done with your task, make sure you request for the payment and poster has released it. Once done, submit your honest reviews about the poster.


DEVELOP YOUR PROFILE
The Poster will look at your profile and reviews before accepting your offer so, you need to make your profile good for a long lasting first impression. Upload a professional photo, write a brief description, list your skills, and your expertise . A good profile increases the chances of offers getting accepted.

View Profile

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
WHAT TYPE OF TASK ARE AVAILABLE?
There are hundreds of different online and physical tasks on supertasker, from odd task, (for example, buy a burger for the poster and deliver it, help someone in shifting, costume making etc) to home-based tasks (such as home cleaning, wall painting, gardening, plumbing, handyman tasks) and online office based tasks such as marketing, content writing, web development, and graphic design tasks.

HOW DO I GET PAID?
When a poster accepts your offer, the payment for the task will securely transfer in Supertasker’s account by the poster. When you complete the task and request for payment, the poster releases your payment by clicking the “release payment” button, then your payment will transfer securely in your account. Supertasker automatically deduct service charges when the payment is released.

If the poster opted for Cash on Delivery, then you will get the payment from the poster once your task is completed

Supertasker will bear all other transactional charges

WHO WILL YOU BE WORKING WITH?
It is totally depends upon you, when you are browsing tasks, you can check posters profiles and reviews to see if you would like to work with them. You are your own boss.

CAN I GET TASK ALERTS?
Yes of course! You will receive notifications on email and mobile number, each time poster accepts your offer and when payment transferred successfully into your account.

HOW DO I GET ASSIGNED TO A TASK?
Your profile helps you look professional and increase the chances of getting assigned & accepted, so try to fill complete profile with your expertise and try to win verification badges as much as you can – when you post an offer on the task, make sure to highlight your skills and expertise and how you are different from others . Posters love to work with professionals!

